And what about the petrol pump? What's the history behind that?
Well the petrol pump, the tank of that's in the garden at Cross Cottage actually,
with its outlet pipe. Because I think the garden, the yarded area, was enclosed by
gibbards. And so when I bought it there had to be a, you know, to sign a, there was a clause
that the land had been in possession for 20 years etc etc. But I think it was perhaps in dispute as
common land and John's father had built a petrol tank there before the hedging closed the ground.
But the petrol tank was still operational when I moved in in the early 90s and I used to fill up my
car there. So people would come and go for a pint or two and have their, David would come out,
that's John's father, would come out and manually pump because it's a hand pump,
pump up the fuel. They put it on the tab and... Wow. So it was part of the pub really?
Oh part of the pub along with the, so John's got a number of businesses now of course, he's got the
pub, Karen runs the post office, they've got holiday cottages, he's got the farm, he runs a bus
as well. But David's father of course when their family moved here they were tailors.
So the little holiday cottage is called Taylor's Cottage. It was a tailor's, they were tailors
and the shop used to sell all sorts of things, sold everything. I wish it still did. From the shop and
I've still got some grandad shirts I bought there when John had the closing down sale
that were from the 1950s then, you know with the button down, the collars. So they sold everything
and David had a mobile van so he was ahead of his time because Tesco's van coming round now,
he went up in all the hills and had his round with his vegetables, bread, gammon, he had a gammon
slice in there, milk, that's John's father David had that, and the shop and the post office and the
pub and the farm. They had so many businesses and that's what you have to do, you diversify
and they were very enterprising people and John continues that to today.